$ post_id : p-in-zen
$ post_title : The 'p' in Zen
$ post_date : 2017-04-28
$ post_last_update: 2017-05-02

## Wu?

[Joshu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhaozhou_Congshen) asked Baba Cycle, 'So, where is the p in zen?'

Baba Cycle replied, 'That when you shall find, you shall find enlightenment sleeping underneath.'

## [Wu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mu_(negative)) is Baba Cycle?

I am a thirty-three-year-old man, living in the suburbs of Bangalore, India. I don't think any introduction that goes beyond that description is necessary. Knowing my real name isn't necessary either. (Although, it's too easy to find that out.)

This is a repository of a class of rational arguments and lifestyle choices that make more sense to me than the traditional consumerism that the world around us wants to believe is the true source of happiness.

As a fellow rationalist, I hope you will enjoy what I have to say. But make no mistake, I am not the creator of such a thought process. These ideologies have existed for ages and have been well documented by ancient and modern thinkers alike.

## I own a bicycle

Actually two. I believe it is one of the greatest human invention that has the ability to liberate us in a multitude of ways. The most obvious one would be health. The not-so-obvious but still deducible one would be wealth. The one that lurks under few shrouded veils of obscurity would be habits.

### Oh! and congratulations on finding this blog... and Thank You

#### Note:

Please note that the homophonic nature of this site's name with [this guy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baba_Sehgal) is purely co-incidental and intentional.
